App faq update (#56)
advplyr/audiobookshelf-web: content/faq/3.app.md

The apps will be out of beta when they are deemed to be stable enough and all of the desired features are added.
There are still a number of features missing and other quirks that we want to figure out before leaving beta.

Android has more features than iOS, but all of these features are planned for iOS (with no estimate on when any given feature is implemented).

> UPDATE: Due to the ever increasing requests to join the TestFlight, the iOS app will likely be released soon to at least allow people to use the app.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
UPDATE: Due to the ever increasing requests to join the TestFlight, the iOS app will likely be released before all planned features are realized to at least allow people to use the app.
```
